In cinemas this Christmas. One woman. One
deal...
Two and a half years in the making….
The longest script ever written...
And starring Theresa May, as you’ve never
seen her before, in….
……….. The Brexit Games
The highs, the lows, the erm dancing and the
incredible story of Theresa’s journey so
far.
She’s just got her deal past her Cabinet,
but heads are rolling….…
And she’s running out of time…
With this deal the world could see the biggest
breakup in history, and the fates of thousands...
Could finally be determined.
This latest instalment of the Brexit Saga
will leave your head spinning...
In this epic odyssey, Theresa takes on hordes
of tie-clad, multilingual challengers...
First she’ll have to charm the 27 EU leaders…at
least this time it won’t be in a giant room
full of toast.
Then she’ll have to win the battle of a
lifetime in parliament as MPs go to vote….
Or face one of these…
Hold onto your seats - Britain may never be
the same again.
Stayed tuned next year for Brexit 2: TBC